Update README.md (#175)
newrelic/go-agent: README.md

* Telemetry SDK: [github.com/newrelic/newrelic-telemetry-sdk-go](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-telemetry-sdk-go)

## Support

You can find more detailed documentation [in the guide](GUIDE.md) and on
[the New Relic Documentation site](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/agents/go-agent).

If you can't find what you need there, New Relic hosts and moderates an online forum where customers can interact with New Relic employees as well as other customers to get help and share best practices. Like all official New Relic open source projects, there's a related Community topic in the New Relic Explorers Hub. You can find this project's topic/threads here:
[Open-Source-Agents-SDKs](https://discuss.newrelic.com/c/build-on-new-relic/Open-Source-Agents-SDKs)

## Contributing

We encourage contributions to improve the Go agent! Keep in mind when you submit your pull request, you'll need to sign the CLA via the click-through using CLA-Assistant. You only have to sign the CLA one time per project.
If you have any questions, or to execute our corporate CLA, required if your contribution is on behalf of a company,  please drop us an email at opensource@newrelic.com.

## License

> [Project name] is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The New Relic Go agent is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) License.
```
